How they might have fallen
Perverbs it's time for a new dark moon wolf if he betrayed ice he would betray us
He can't be trusted
You need to show them your power show them that you are as strong as you were before the outcast war
Is it true? Did you betray the ace?
You know what I find it's funny since the first wolf baby us alphas have been killing each other for what?
Territory pride if you ask me it's a waste of time
But today yourself righteous as a sit in front of me like you're better than me. Well, you're not
Each one of you has as much blood as hands. I got
Well, that told him I want to unite the wolves of the west coast
Your east coast is safe
It's got no interest to me
Purpose is stays the one who is this time for the white wolf will become
King of all kind correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that ace?
It seems like we are back in the wrong course
No, the privacy of the white wolf states
Who the white wolf chooses?
Who be the king of our wolf kind correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that's me
not ace
Makes no difference
Hunter I will accept nobody is making not ace not you I
Want to unite the wolf packs because we're a dying species
There's only three thousand of us left on the west coast. It's not our problem, but it will be
What do you think they're gonna do when they get to us?
They're coming for you and you and you and all the people you love I
come from the far off Egyptian wolf clan and we
Stand with Blake
Against the outcasts, you know, we all serve the moon goddess
Not one of you can question that
And not one of you will
Thank you, brother. Thank you. I'll support your signature and he'll help me go
No, you'll never hurt myself. What about the other alphas of California?
It's only a matter of time before they partner with ace
lead enemy